GH-1496: Document OTLP metrics export for Master (#1528)
axelixlabs/axelix: docs/docs/setting-up-master-ui/configuring-master/configuring-master.mdx

          region: eu-west-1
```

#### OTLP

<UpcomingReleaseNotice />

Master can push its own JVM, HTTP, database-pool, and other Micrometer metrics to an OTLP-compatible collector over
HTTP/protobuf. This exports metrics produced by Master itself, not metrics read from services connected through an

> Axelix starter. Export is disabled by default, so upgrading Master does not create outbound telemetry traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Axelix starter. Export of metrics via OTLP is disabled by default (see properties below).
```
